# JupiterOne 25 August 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
- Favorite Insights dashboards, allowing you to easily find the dashboards that are important to you. 
- Navigate the J1 graph using the built-in zoom funtionality, using the buttons on the graph. 
- Adavanced search for J1 Assets: When searching within J1 Assets, you can now use two methods to accomplish the same outcome - `Basic` or `J1QL`. `Basic` search uses the filters to search for assets, which is now powered by J1QL. For advanced users of JupiterOne, you can find assets by writing a query. 
- You can now search using special variables to find context for a current user within JupiterOne. The special variables are used in place of variables (`${value here}`) in Search, Search Anywhere, and Insights. New variables add: 
```
me.email
me.givenName
me.familyName
me.name
```

## Integrations

### AWS
  New entity added:
  | Service      | Resource / Entity           |
  | ------------ | --------------------------- |
  | `CodeCommit` | `aws_codecommit_repository` |

  New relationship added:
  | Source             | _class | Target                    |
  | ------------------ | ------ | ------------------------- |
  | `aws_codepipeline` | HAS    | aws_codepipeline_pipeline |

### Azure
  - Added tags to `azure_storage_container` entity
  - Improved error messaging to prevent erroneous error entries from being reported in the DNS Zone steps

### CrowdStrike
  This update will change some of the default behaviors of the integration:
  - By default, we will ingest vulnerabilities with a severity of `Critical`, `High`, `Medium`, and `Unknown`
  - By default, we will not ingest vulnerabilities with a status of `Closed`, or a severity of `Low` or `None`
  - There will be a configuration option to include `Closed`, `Low`, or `None` if desired.
  - We are also adding the following properties:
  | Entity                      | Property         |
  | --------------------------- | ---------------- |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `description`    |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `exploitability` |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `impact`         |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `open`           |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `public`         |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `publishedOn`    |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `references`     |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `severity`       |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `score`          |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `vector`         |
  | `crowdstrike_vulnerability` | `weblink`        |

### Datadog
  - Added optional configuration field `DATADOG_ORG_PUBLIC_ID`, allowing users to enter their organization's public ID resulting in integration being able to fetch details about it. If not provided, a default Account entity will be created instead.

### JupiterOne Integration
  The JupiterOne integration adds data from JupiterOne into your graph so that it can be queried, used to create alerts, etc.

  - Added a `status` property to the `jupiterone_integration` entity so you can query for `COMPLETED` or `FAILED` integration jobs
  - Added an `integrationType` property to the `jupiterone_integration` entity
  - Updated the `displayName` property so it is more human-readable.  This correlates to the name entered in the configuration page when the job is created.

### GitHub
  - Added a configuration option to adjust the max limit of pull requests.  Default is 500 per repo.  The default can be overriden by updating this option.

### Google Cloud
  - Added support for additional Google Cloud compute regions
  - Improvements to the code to reduce the number of API calls to `serviceusage.googleapis.com` and the KMS project location API.

### Microsoft 365
  - Added an option to enable raw data ingestion for managed devices
  
  New relationship added:
  | Source       | _class | Target        |
  | ------------ | ------ | ------------- |
  | `azure_user` | USES   | {device_type} |

### Orca
  - Both API keys and API tokens are supported for authentication
  - Assets are no longer a dependency for Findings
  - Informational findings are no longer ingested

### Snyk
  - Added new properties
  | Entity         | Property                |
  | -------------- | ----------------------- |
  | `snyk_project` | `repoFullName`          |
  | `snyk_project` | `repoOrganization`      |
  | `snyk_project` | `repoName`              |
  | `snyk_project` | `directoryName`         |
  | `snyk_project` | `fileName`              |
  | `snyk_project` | `environmentAttributes` |
  | `snyk_finding` | `fixedIn`               |
  
### Tenable
  - Updated the `firstSeen` and `lastSeen` properties on the `tenable_asset` entity so they are human-readable

## Bug Fixes
-  Fixed a few issues related to sign-in. 
-  Resolved a bug with IP restrictions on publicly shared dashboards for J1 Insights. 
-  Addressed an issue with alert rules and tagging assets where the alert rule did not complete its run. 
-  Resolved an issue with Compliance reviewers not receiving review emails. 
-  Fixed a few bugs related to questions and the questions library. 


## Coming Soon
- Alerts is getting a design refresh! We are continuing our look-and-feel updates over J1 Alerts. 

