# JupiterOne 16 June 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
- J1 Assets has a new look-and-feel, which includes a new filtering pane and changes to how you search and filter. 
- In J1 Policies, a complete history of policy and procedure changes over a specified timeframe are now available for download in `.csv format`. This enhancement enables easy access to the audit history of changes made to your policies over time. 
-  For Insights dashboards, you can now restrict access to a dashboard link based on an IP address range or set or ranges so that you can limit sharing to your organizations.

   ​

## Bug Fixes
-  Resolved an issue with submitting feedback directly via the JJ1 platform.
-  Fixed a bug with J1 Insights where whole number values were not displaying accurately.
-  Resolved a problem when adding additional dashboards from templates in Insights.
-  Fixed an issue that occurred when creating a custom property on an asset, a property was created for every letter added.
-  Fixed a bug with scoped frameworks in J1 Compliance that prevented tag properties from being used as the filter for frameworks.
-  Resolved a bug related to alert emails not being triggered.
-  Resolved a bug that produced incorrect results when adding more than one COUNT in a multi-traversal query (such as. FIND Host THAT HAS Finding RETURN Host.displayName, COUNT(Host), COUNT(Finding)).

## Coming Soon
- J1 Integrations will soon have a new look-and-feel. This update focuses on updating the navigation, the Integrations interface, and surfacing information around job statuses. 
