# JupiterOne 1 December 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
- Lean on J1's new Managed Dashboards in Insights to give you out of the box visualizations based on your most critical use cases. 
- Save your Insight Dashboards under our new favorites categories to help organize your Insights experience in the Navigation.
- Insights widget downloads now supports downloads of Matrix, Table, and Status charts built with multiple queries to `.csv`. 
- 

## Integrations
### General
  - On the Instance Configuration page for each integration, when the polling interval is set to daily, an optional hour of the day can now be set.  The integration will run during the hour specified.  For example, if the hour is set to 8:00, the integration will run between 8:00 and 9:00.
  - On the Instance Configuration page for each integration, When the polling interval is set to weekly, an optional day of the week and hour of the day can now be set, so that the integration runs on a specific day or on a specific day at a specific time.
  - Fixed an issue in the where CMD+delete did not clear the search value on the integrations page.
  - Improved the load times on the page that lists all of the configurations for a specific integration.  Instead of calculating the number of entities when the page is loaded, the user can request the number of entities to be calculate as needed.  There is also a link that will execute a J1QL to display more details about the count for each entity that integration is ingesting.

### AWS
  - Redshift Serverless ingestion now supported.

### Jenkins
  - Released a new integration for (Jenkins)[https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-jenkins/blob/main/docs/jupiterone.md]
  - The following entities are created:

    | Resources  | Entity `_type`       | Entity `_class` |
    | ---------- | -------------------- | --------------- |
    | Account    | `jenkins_account`    | `Account`       |
    | Job        | `jenkins_job`        | `Project`       |
    | Repository | `jenkins_repository` | `Repository`    |
    | User       | `jenkins_user`       | `User`          |

  - The following relationships are created:

    | Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
    | --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
    | `jenkins_account`     | **HAS**               | `jenkins_job`         |
    | `jenkins_account`     | **HAS**               | `jenkins_user`        |
    | `jenkins_job`         | **HAS**               | `jenkins_job`         |
    | `jenkins_job`         | **HAS**               | `jenkins_repository`  |

### Okta
  - Added `countryCode` as a property on the `okta_user` entity

### Trend Micro Deep Security
  - The following properties were added to the `trend_micro_computer` entity: `awsAccountId`, `cloudProvider`, and `ec2InstanceId`
  - The integation now attempts to create a relationship between `trend_micro_computer` and `aws_instance`.
  

### VMware vSphere
  - Fixed the DockerHub image so that it includes all required dependencies


## Bug Fixes
- Fixed an issue where some AWS accounts were being uploaded without their associated tags.
- Issues resolved in Search Anywhere for Tags and Owners to be bulk added. 
- Expanded property panel overlay bug resolved in Compliance and Alerts. 

## Coming Soon

- Your Insights dashboard will soon be downloadable as a PDF to help facilitate the sharing of your dashboards offline. 
- Your query permissions will be extended to J1 Insights to ensure your groups are only seeing what their permissions grant them. 
- Upcoming releases for In App notifications will help keep you informed on the latest notifications from J1 Rapid Response, Policies, Compliance, and Integrations. 
- No more silent failures for your alert rules: get notified when rules are not working, including an error log to help you triage and manage.
- In the coming months, we will be updating the Questions Library, Homepage, and KPIs to make finding the right information and questions even easier.
- If you are a Google BigQuery user, you will soon be able leverage your J1 data bi-directionally to trigger and route alerts right from your J1 account to your internal BigQuery instances.
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
