# JupiterOne 28 July 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
- J1 Insights has a new navigation structure! The new structure is static, which makes finding team and personal boards easier, and continues the JupiterOne look and feel. 
- The layout of J1 Insights dashboards is updated to improve widget layouts. These changes are mostly visual and focus on the sizing, fonts, and font weights. 
- New Integration notifications: When you configure each new integration you configure, J1 now notifies when the first job for that integration completes, alerting you to the status of integrations within your environment. This action occurs for the first time the integration is configured, and for new integration instances (such as additional AWS instances). 

## Integrations

## Bug Fixes
- Fixed a few issues related to viewing assets in the graph. 
- Resolved an issue that was prohibiting more than 5000 rows from being returned from a query that included an aggregation.
- Resolved an issue that was prohibiting users from exporting CSV files.
- Fixed a bug related to overlapping text in the search bar. 
- Addressed a problem related to J1 Insights row counts. 
- Resolved a bug when limits in Alerts that prohibit new alert rules being created. 
- Fixed an issue where `Open in Graph` worked sporadically. 
- Fixed a problem where scoped frameworks were not included in all linked controls. 


## Coming Soon
- The ability to favorite J1 Insights dashboards will soon be available, allowing you to easily navigate directly to a dashboard without having to browse for it. 
- The J1Assets details page is getting some updates, including new filtering mechanisms. 
- Alerts is getting a design refresh! We are continuing our look-and-feel updates over J1 Alerts. 
 
