# JupiterOne 6 April 2022 Release

## April 6, 2022

## New Features and Improvements

- J1 Alerts now allows you to tag assets within a new or existing alerts, including tagging an alert as a `critical asset`.
- If an icon has been added for a vendor within your environment, it now displays in status charts (such as Insights, vendors, and risks in J1Compliance) in various areas of the JupiterOne platform. 
- J1 Compliance now offers a gaps table for quick, actionable insights into the compliance gaps identified across your environment. The consolidated view of gaps makes working through associated tasks and the impacted assets straightforward, without having to get into other areas of J1 Compliance. 
- When query questions are deleted, they are now automatically unmapped from J1 Compliance requirements and controls. 
- The new compliance APIs are officially integrated into the main JupiterOne API endpoint. These APIs expose a graph of your compliance data, including frameworks, evidence, controls, and more. You can perform GraphQL introspection on the JupiterOne API to see all the new available operations.
- The `includeDeleted` property is now supported in alert rule queries. When the `includeDeleted` value is true, the specific query allows for deleted data to be considered.

## Integrations

### JAMF
- Added `deviceId` property to `user_endpoint` (`Host` | `Device`) and `mobile_device` (`Device`) entities enabling you to answer this question: [Which user devices do not have SentinelOne agent installed?](https://ask.us.jupiterone.io/question/fdcdd4efcb5b914808d87ab0939f9748efb188a6?integrations=sentinelone&tagFilter=all)

### AWS

- Added OpenID Connect providers enabling you to answer this question: [What OpenID Connect providers does my AWS account have?](https://ask.us.jupiterone.io/question/a886fe001e96eafe9aec6c288a656d6125ec8e21?search=what%20ope&tagFilter=all)

### Slack

- Resolved issue that was causing the `mfaEnabled` value to be reported incorrectly.

### GitHub

- Resolved issue that was limiting all `github_pullrequest` (`PR`) entities from being ingested when there was a specific error during the integration's execution.

### Orca

The [Orca](https://orcasecurity.io/) integration is now available for use. 

This integration provides the following insights:

- Visualize Orca Security services, groups, and users in the JupiterOne graph.
- Map Orca Security users to employees in your JupiterOne account.
- Monitor changes to Orca Security users using JupiterOne alerts.

The following entities are created:

| Resources | Entity `_type` | Entity `_class` |
| --------- | -------------- | --------------- |
| Account   | `orca_account` | `Account`       |
| Role      | `orca_role`    | `AccessRole`    |
| User      | `orca_user`    | `User`          |
| UserGroup | `orca_group`   | `UserGroup`     |

The following relationships are created:

| Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
| `orca_account`        | **HAS**               | `orca_group`          |
| `orca_account`        | **HAS**               | `orca_user`           |
| `orca_group`          | **HAS**               | `orca_user`           |
| `orca_user`           | **ASSIGNED**          | `orca_role`           |

Configuring this integration allows you to seamlessly answer the following questions about your Orca environment:

- What users in Orca do I have?
- What groups in Orca do I have?
- Which users belong to which groups in my Orca environment?
- Do I have a user assigned a role that allows them to do too much?

### Crowdstrike

- Added ingestion of Crowdstike vulnerabilities enabling you to answer this question: Which vulnerabilities can exploit my sensors?

### Sentry

- Updated integration to use auth token authentication instead of OAuth due to better support. 

### Microsoft 365

- Added `version` property to `intune_detected_application` enabling you to answer this question: Which versions are my devices using?

### Carbon Black

- Added web links to `cbdefense_sensor` and `cbdefense_alert` entities giving you the ability to go directly into the Carbon Black dashboard to remediate these issues.

### Okta

- Add `supportEnabled` and `supportExpiresOn` property to `okta_account` so that you can answer this question: Which Okta accounts have support access enabled?
### Integration SDK

- Added ability for user to change the base URL for the synchronization API.

### Integration UI

- Added a search bar to the integration instance enabling you to quickly search within each of your integration instances.

## Bug Fixes

- Resolved some issues regarding how deleted questions were managed.
- Fixed a bug where users were prevented from importing rule packs.
- Addressed an issue where controls in J1 Compliance could not be created.


## Upcoming Notice

J1 will be pursuing a planned deprecation of the J1 endpoint agent in the coming months. Stay tuned for updates on a replacement.
