# JupiterOne 17 November 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements

-  J1 Alerts has a new-look-and feel, including the new  JupiterOne branding look and feel. Additionally, the Rules modal is redesigned to making creating and editing rules easier. 
-  Download J1 Insights widgets in `.png` or `.csv` format to help you share your data visualizations with ease. 
-  Understand your assets quicker using the newly expandable properties side panel powered with premade J1 Graph visualizations. 
-  Numbers charts in J1 Insights can now recognize float values when configuring color-coded threshold conditions. 
-  Your J1 Query results data table now supports a detailed properties side panel for relationship edge results. 

## Integrations

- 

## Bug Fixes

-  An issue with downloading `PDFs` from J1 Policies is resolved. 
-  Certain prebuilt questions in `Search Anywhere` were not returning results, which is now fixed. 
-  Resolved a few bugs related to sign-in redirect issues. 
-  The J1 Asset inventory now saves your filter results when moving back and forth from the details view. 
-  A J1 Insights numbers charts issue with decimal limits is now resolved.

## Coming Soon

- Your Insights dashboard will soon be downloadable as a PDF to help facilitate the sharing of your dashboards offline. 
- Your query permissions will be extended to J1 Insights to ensure your groups are only seeing what their permissions grant them. 
- No more silent failures for your alert rules: get notified when rules are not working, including an error log to help you triage and manage.
- In the coming months, we will be updating the Questions Library, Homepage, and KPIs to make finding the right information and questions even easier.
- If you are a Google BigQuery user, you will soon be able leverage your J1 data bi-directionally to trigger and route alerts right from your J1 account to your internal BigQuery instances.
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
