# JupiterOne 20 April 2022 Release

## April 20, 2022

## New Features and Improvements 

- In Compliance, related Policies are now shown at the Requirement level, making it easy to identified which procedures relate to individual requirements without having to look at each linked control. 
- The ability to delete multiple controls at once (bulk delete) is supported in Compliance. 
- When creating an Alert rule directly from a query, the action takes you directly to Alerts, rather than opening a pop-up. This update improves load time and performance. 
- Clicking to open Total Alerts from the dashboard widget automatically opens the Alerts page sorted by critically. 
- You will now see all organizations associated with your email address under your name in JupiterOne. This facilitates easy swiching between multiple organization accounts. When switching to a different account you may need to reauthenticate if a different login mechanism is required. For example, if you logged in with SSO but switch to an account which requires username and password, you will need to login with the correct username and password to access this account.

## Integrations

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed a bug where Visual Query Builder return error messages when building a query.
- Resolved an issue where certain Compliance frameworks were not evaluted on a daily basis.
- Fixed several small bugs related to the Graph Viewer and button size rendering in different browsers.
- Resolved an problem with opening gaps queries from Compliance in Search.
- Fixed an issue where audit events where not correctly populating in the UI and API. 

## Upcoming Notice
