# JupiterOne 15 December 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
- The query permissions that you set up in your account settings will now be reflected for your users in J1 Insights. 
- The Matrix charts in J1 Insights now are equipped with a sticky header for easier contextual scrolling. 
- You are now able to view the query that powers the J1 Managed Dashboard widgets under the more actions area. 
- 

## Integrations
### Jamf
  - Added `realName` property to the `user_endpoint` entity

### MalwareBytes
  - Added `osVersion` property to `malwarebytes_agent` entity

### Rapid7
  - Added new properties to the following entities:
    | Entity          | Property                  |
    | --------------- | ------------------------- |
    | insightvm_user  | active                    |
    | insightvm_asset | name                      |
    | insightvm_asset | osName                    |
    | insightvm_asset | osVersion                 |
    | insightvm_asset | osDetails                 |
    | insightvm_asset | platform                  |
    | insightvm_asset | ipAddress                 |
    | insightvm_asset | category                  |
    | insightvm_asset | webLink                   |
    | insightvm_asset | numCriticalVulnerabilties |
    | insightvm_asset | lastScanDate              |

### Snyk
  - `snyk_finding` now includes target property from `snyk_project` **repoName**.  This fixes an issue that was preventing relationships from being created between the `snyk_finding` and the `gitlab_project`.

### Sysdig
  - Added support for ingesting the following **new** entities:
    | Resources | Entity `_type`   | Entity `_class` |
    | --------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
    | Agent     | `sysdig_agent`   | `Scanner`       |
    | Cluster   | `sysdig_cluster` | `Cluster`       |

  - Added support for ingesting the following **new** relationships:
    | Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
    | --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
    | `sysdig_agent`        | **SCANS**             | `sysdig_cluster`      |

### Terraform Provider
  - Fixed an issue that was causing questions that were updated in J1 not to update in the Terraform Provider.

### Trend Micro
  - Assigned `Device` class to the `trend_micro_computer` entity.  Now, the `trend_micro_computer` is classified as both `Host` and `Device`

### Veracode
  - Ingest `Dynamic` and `SCA` scans in addition to the existng `Static` scan type.

### VMware vSphere
  - The config value `domain` must now include the full domain.  Previously, `.vmwarevmc.com` was appended to the supplied domain.

## Bug Fixes
-  J1 Insights received some bug fixes for rearranging widgets and removing widgets.

## Coming Soon

- Your J1 Insights dashboard will soon be downloadable as a PDF to help facilitate the sharing of your dashboards offline. 
- Access Controls are being introduced into J1 Insights. These controls will allow you to control which of your groups and users have access to each J1 Insights dashboards.
- Upcoming releases for in-app notifications will keep you informed on the latest notifications from J1 Rapid Response, Policies, Compliance, and Integrations. 
- No more silent failures for your alert rules: get notified when rules are not working, including an error log to help you triage and manage.
- In the coming months, we will be updating the Questions Library, Homepage, and KPIs to make finding the right information and questions even easier.
- If you are a Google BigQuery user, you will soon be able leverage your J1 data bi-directionally to trigger and route alerts right from your J1 account to your internal BigQuery instances.
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
