# JupiterOne 20 October 2022 Release

## New Features and Improvements
-     Your J1 graph view now supports undo/redo across all changes made to the graph to speed up your investigations. 
-     There is a new graph node layout to help you visualize large hierarchal datasets. 
-     Dive into your Asset details faster in your J1 graph view by simply double clicking a node to open the entity drawer. 
-     Scroll through your J1 Query results table without losing the column context with a new sticky header row.
-     Publically shared Insight Dashboards can now show users any applicable chart details that are shown for a widget. 
 

## Integrations
### General
  -  


## Bug Fixes
-   Read Only users can now view and update variables on Insight Dashboards.
-   Special character are now supported for representing tags when building widgets. 
-   Insight widgets dynamic sizing fixes. 

## Coming Soon
- J1 Alerts is getting a design refresh! We are continuing our look-and-feel updates over J1 Alerts. 
- Leverage JupiterOne's knowledge in Insights with the J1 managed dashboards for security use cases that help you solve real problems. We are putting our knowledge front and center in the J1 Library. 
- Your J1 Query results will become more effective with upgrades to the table visualization and a new expandable entity drawer to help you dive into entities without leaving your J1 Query results tables or your graph view. The expanded entity drawer will provide J1 curated graph visualizations.
- No more silent failures for your alert rules: get notified when rules are not working, including an error log to help you triage and manage. 
- In the coming months, we will be updating the Questions Library, Homepage, and KPIs to make finding the right information and questions even easier.

## Deprecation Notice:

As of November 2022, the JupiterOne Endpoint Compliance Agent that is powered by Stethoscope will be removed from the product and support for this tool from JupiterOne will be unavailable. This tool was a community supported and experimental feature since the inception of the tool’s integration with JupiterOne. The official tool is still available for your use on [GitHub](https://github.com/Netflix-Skunkworks/stethoscope).

### Reason for Deprecation

JupiterOne is unable to provide official support and updates for the endpoint compliance agent at this time.

### Client Impact

Users will be unable to download the compliance agent from the JupiterOne product and JupiterOne will be unable to provide technical support for any new and existing customers that are using this tool.

If you are an existing user and are in need of an alternative solution, please reach out to your respective Technical Account Manager or via email at support@jupiterone.com.
