# JupiterOne  4 January 2023 Release

## New Features and Improvements
-  


   

-  

## Integrations

### General
  - Added the ability to edit the polling interval for multiple configurations at the same time.  For a single integration, users can now select one or more of the existing configurations and change the polling interval for the selected configurations.
  - Released a minor UI change on the integrations page.  It is now easier to filter the list of configurations between All, Configured, and Unconfigured.  Also, whatever option is selected is persisted for the user. 

### LastPass
  - Added a question that will answer "Are there developers who contribute coe with a weak master password?"

### Microsoft Active Directory
  - Added the ability to configure the pagination size

### XM Cyber
  - Released a new integration for XM Cyber.  This is a limited initial release and only ingests the XM Cyber Entity entity.
  - The `xmcyber_entity` lets you query which XM Cyber assets are a chokepoint and/or critical asset.

    | Resources | Entity `_type`   | Entity `_class` |
    | --------- | ---------------- | --------------- |
    | Entity    | `xmcyber_entity` | `Record`        |

## Bug Fixes
-   

## Coming Soon

- Your J1 Insights dashboard will soon be downloadable as a PDF to help facilitate the sharing of your dashboards offline. 
- Access Controls are being introduced into J1 Insights. These controls will allow you to control which of your groups and users have access to each J1 Insights dashboards.
- Upcoming releases for in-app notifications will keep you informed on the latest notifications from J1 Rapid Response, Policies, Compliance, and Integrations. 
- No more silent failures for your alert rules: get notified when rules are not working, including an error log to help you triage and manage.
- In the coming months, we will be updating the Questions Library, home page, and KPIs to make finding the right information and questions even easier.
- If you are a Google BigQuery user, you will soon be able leverage your J1 data bi-directionally to trigger and route alerts directly from your J1 account to your internal BigQuery instances.
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
