# JupiterOne 17 February 2023 Release

## New Features and Improvements
-   Creating and configuring a new alert rule using a specific integration source is now simpler. You can search directly for the integration you want to use, making the alert rule creation more straightforward.
-   In-app notifications for alert rule errors are available for you to enable on a per-rule instance so that you know when an alert rule fails to evaluate due to an error. Use the notification for guidance on the root cause for the error so you can take action to fix it and move on. 

## Integrations

- 

## Bug Fixes
-   Issues with downloading policy PDFs due to browser resourcing are resolved. 
-   Issues related to orphaned compliance evidence and inaccurate compliance statuses have been resolved. 
-   Downloading assets had an issue with respecting property selections that has now been resolved. 
-   Customers with the Load All data function in J1 Insights were receiving timeouts on Insights, which is now resolved. 

## Coming Soon

- Introducing: Asset Categories! J1 is reworking how assets are categorized, based on industry standards. These categorizes will persist throughout J1 to make searching and finding, the right information easier. 
- The home experience will become more flexible for your user groups by allowing you as an admin to publish J1 Insights dashboards to you and your user groups landing experience. 
- `csv` exports from query results and assets will soon be pushed to the notification panel to allow for larger exports and a single repository of your downloads. 
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
- Alert rules will soon alert on new results only, reducing duplicates from queries and cutting through the noise to highlight what is important and what needs your attention. 
