## Platform Updates
- JupiterOne now supports SCIM 2.0 (System for Cross-domain Identity Management) which is an industry-standard protocol designed to simplify user identity management tasks in a multi-domain environment. With SCIM, you can keep J1 in sync with your identity provider by managing group membership, provisioning, and de-provisioning all through the IdP. [Read more →](https://community.askj1.com/kb/articles/1395-scim-2-0-support-in-jupiterone) 

## New Features and Improvements

### Assets

- Searching properties is now supported within an asset's property panel
- Ability to adjust content density within the property panel–allowing the display of properties in a more densely populated list.
- Users can now pin properties within the properties panel, enabling the ability to have a curated list of properties persist at the top of the properties panel. Pinned properties persist across asset type and only persist on the user's account.

### Queries
- When you run a J1-managed question, JupiterOne will now suggest related questions that may be interesting for you to explore.

### Alerts and Rules
- You can now automatically resolve Jira issues created by J1 Alerts. For alert rules that create Jira issues, users can auto-resolve those tickets when there are no more results.

## Integrations

### New Integrations

The following integrations have been introduced in beta:

- **Beta**: Added integration for JustWorks
- **Beta**: Added integration for Sage People
- **Beta**: Added integration for UKG Pro

> If you would like to test one of the beta integrations please contact your account representative. 

### Updates
- CrowdStrike: now lists the `product_name_version` value within a CrowdStrike entity as a property in the Properties tab.

