# JupiterOne 16 February 2023 Release

## New Features and Improvements
-   Search for integration instances to use in certain Alert Actions, making the process of creating and configuring a new Alert`Rule` straightforward as you are now able to search directly for the integration source you want to use. 
-   In-app notifications for Alert Rule errors are available for enablement on a per-Rule instance so that you know when an Alert Rule fails to evaluate, due to an error. Use the notification for guidence on the root cause for the error so you can take action to fix it and move on. 

## Integrations

- 

## Bug Fixes
-   Issues with downloading Policy PDFs due to browser resourcing are resolved. 
-   Issues related to orphaned compliance evidence and inaccurate compliance statuses have been resolved.   

## Coming Soon

- Introducing: Asset Categories! J1 is reworking how assets are categorized, based on industry standards. These categorizes will persist throughout J1 to make searching and finding, the right information easier. 
- The home experience will become more flexible for your user groups by allowing you as an admin to publish J1 Insights dashboards to you and your user groups landing experience. 
- `csv` exports from query results and assets will soon be pushed to the notification panel to allow for larger exports and a single repository of your downloads. 
- AWS Config Recorder will soon be a fully supported and generally available service to all J1 users via the J1 Integrations section of the platform.
- Alert Rules will soon Alert on new results only, reducing duplicates from queries and cutting through the noise to highlight what's important and what needs your attention. 
